Update convert-user-mailbox-to-shared-mailbox.md (#3353)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/admin/email/convert-user-mailbox-to-shared-mailbox.md

## Convert a user's mailbox in a hybrid environment

> Since October 11th, 2018, Exchange Hybrid now supports creating remote shared mailboxes starting in Cumulative Update 21 for Exchange Server 2013 and Cumulative Update 10 for Exchange Server 2016 in an on-premises Exchange Server environment, you can directly create or modify a remote shared mailbox by using the new parameter -shared. For mroe information, Visit [Cmdlets to create or modify a remote shared mailbox in an on-premises Exchange environment](https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/4133605/cmdlets-to-create-modify-remote-shared-mailbox-in-on-premises-exchange)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since October 11th, 2018, Exchange hybrid deployment supports the creation of remote shared mailboxes starting in Cumulative Update 21 for Exchange Server 2013 and Cumulative Update 10 for Exchange Server 2016 in an on-premises Exchange Server environment. You can directly create or modify a remote shared mailbox by using the new _-shared_ parameter. For more information, visit [Cmdlets to create or modify a remote shared mailbox in an on-premises Exchange environment](https://support.microsoft.com/help/4133605/cmdlets-to-create-modify-remote-shared-mailbox-in-on-premises-exchange).
```
